[MUSIC]
>> Kent C Dodds: So
now that we have our output file name,
like webpack keeps telling us we need,
we're gonna run that script again.
And now it says configuration file found,
but no entry configured.
Okay, so we need an entry now.
So let's actually go back to my slides,
to talk about why entry matters.
>> Kent C Dodds: And
then I'll give you a chance
to ask a couple questions.
So the entry is our main method of
our app and it's responsible for
requiring all the things that it needs,
all of its dependencies.
And then webpack will resolve
those dependencies and
spit out the resulting bundle, or
the resulting concatenated resolves,
interesting file,
into the output that we specify.
I think most of this will make more
sense when you can see what that result
looks like.
But, yeah, hopefully that's kind of
like explanatory of what the purpose
of this output and this entry is all
about, why we use those those terms.
So we'll go ahead and say entry.
And actually we're going to provide
webpack with a bit of context for
this entry.
So all of our modules are in
the source directory, so
that's the context for our source files.
And so, for our context, context actually
needs to be an absolute path, so
we're gonna say const resolve
= require('path').resolve.
And if you're on Node 6
then you can do this fun
stuff.
>> Kent C Dodds: So
then we're gonna use resolve
to resolve directly to source.
Let me just get rid of that, sorry.
So if you are following along,
that's hopefully helpful, and
our entry inside the source directory, in
that context, is this bootstrap.js file.
So I'll say bootstrap.js
>> Kent C Dodds: Awesome,
I'm almost to the point where
I'll let you loose on this.
Whoops, that needs to be a relative path,
sorry.
>> Speaker 2: There's a question,
any reason that they're not getting
webpack errors in their terminal?
A couple of people.
>> Kent C Dodds: Yeah,
if you aren't seeing the webpack errors
that we were seeing earlier then that's
probably a problem.
This is one of those weird cases,
where errors indicate good things [LAUGH].
So yeah if you're not just
keep following along, and
hopefully magically it works.
>> Speaker 2: [LAUGH]
>> Speaker 3: What was the error supposed
to look like again?
>> Kent C Dodds: The errors were the ones
that were like,
you need to have the output file name.
And then it says,
you need to have an entry configured.
And once you resolve those things,
you probably won't get this one unless you
made the same mistake I did
where this wasn't relative.
You'll get that one if
it was not relative.
But once you get it working
this is what you should see.
You'll see the time that it took,
you'll see the assets that were created.
And the exciting bit is you'll
see this new file in your
file system that's breaking
all your linting errors or
linting rules, but it is your bundle.
So I'll quickly explain what this
bundle is and then I'm gonna stop and
let everybody work on it, and I'll be
available to answer some questions.
So the bundle here is a bunch
of code that you didn't write,
remember our entry is just
this file right here.
This file has no explicit dependencies,
no require statements, or
any kind of imports of any kind.
And so you might be wondering so
what on Earth is all of this code?
Well, webpack ships with a runtime.
So webpack is gonna turn all
of your require statements, or
your import statements,
into what's called a webpack require
to resolve all the modules at runtime.
And it needs a runtime to accomplish that
task, so that's what all of this code is.
And then finally we get to
our little module right here.
And it looks exactly as it was, it just
said, okay, take that and just plop it in.
It will change some things,
if it finds import statements and
things it'll change those to
work with the webpack runtime.
But other than it's pretty much just
our code, we're not transpiling or
anything at this point.
So one interesting thing about this is,
remember,
we have it in an immediately
invoked function expression.
We don't need to do that anymore
because it's already in this closure.
So already we can get rid of writing
some boilerplate code, which is cool.
We'll do that a little bit later.
And, yeah,
that's basically the whole idea.
Sorry, one other thing that I want
to do and then I'll let you loose.
Now that we have this bundling we can
change this bootstrap.js to bundle.js.
And if we run npn start with that
change we can refresh this and
the app still works, you should see view
set in the console and all of your to dos.